Special Week
Silence Suzuka
Spe-chan, the milk!
But…
I want to win the next chance I get.
Spe-chan, your thumb!
I have to work harder.
No way!
Spe-chan…
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 4
Special Training!
Derby. Turf. 2,400.
You're going to beat Seiun Sky
in the Japan Derby.
Use your loss to get stronger.
Understood?
Yes!
Ow…
I'm sorry about that.
Hey!
Are you okay?
Oh, I'm fine.
Please take this as a token of my apology.
D-Don't worry about it.
Bye!
Horse girls are really fast.
Grass Wonder
Spe-chan, you're training so hard
for the Derby.
As a result, she's not really
paying attention in class.
Seiun Sky
I guess I'm not either, though.
Derby
The other day, she was so busy
thinking about something else,
El Condor Pasa
she ran into a pole,
and then apologized to it.
Y-You saw that?
You're such a scatterbrain.
El-chan, stop embarrassing me…
She has less rice today.
I'm back!
Oh my.
Welcome back.
Urara-chan?
I went and had my debut in Kouchi.
Haru Urara
Kouchi was really nice.
Tosa
Food tastes great after a trip.
I feel great!
Tosa
Katsurahama
The dawn of Japan grows near!
It feels nice to race, doesn't it?
Your debut race…
Did you…
Yeah, I managed to come in 5th!
The audience liked me
because I tried my best.
They told me "good luck"!
I want to run again!
Urara-chan…
I need to work hard at rehab.
Yeah.
I just want to sleep.
Yeah, but you were amazing
in the Satsukishou.
Nah… maybe.
I'm not going to lose next time.
Hmm? I'm not sure about that.
El-chan, what race are you running next?
This horse girl has never known loss.
Four races, four wins.
4 Races, 4 Wins
The strongest horse girl there is
will beat them all.
The Strongest Horse Girl
The NHK Mile Cup.
Like a bird dancing above the turf:
El Condor Pasa will be participating.
I'm going to win, too.
NHK Mile Cup
I'm going to win, too!
All right. Let's take a break
at that park over there.
You sure are breathing heavy.
And you're sweating a lot.
What was that?
Don't yell out of nowhere.
Gold Ship
Vodka
Daiwa Scarlet
They have taiyaki!
Taiyaki
Guess I'll get some for you guys.
Yay!
I'll have a hot dog mayonnaise taiyaki.
Delicious Taiyaki
Taiyaki
What? Taiyaki is best with shiroan.
I'll have custard!
What's this "secret" thing?
Well, it's a secret.
Give me ten of them.
I'll have one with koshian.
What do you want, Spe-chan?
I'm good…
What's wrong?
Spe, you should eat.
It's basically a miracle that our
stingy trainer would get us something.
Stingy…
Spe-chan, you haven't been
eating lately, right?
You're on a diet?
Yeah, I couldn't get the hook on
my nice dress to close at the Satsukishou.
So I thought maybe I needed to…
I mean, I realized that…
You went up [censored] kilos, right?
How did you know?
I can tell just by looking at you.
People normally can't do that!
It's not necessarily a bad
thing to put on weight.
It proves your body is putting things
in place so you can run faster.
It's better that you eat a lot and put
on muscle so you can get stronger.
But…!
You're not convinced, huh?
I want to do everything I can.
Well, there's nothing wrong with lowering
your weight and putting on muscle.
But…
Especially in your legs.
Hey!
Why are you trying to sound serious when
you're really trying to be a pervert?!
Spe-senpai, we'll help you with your diet!
Really?
You should let us help you once in a while.
You guys…
Thank you!
This is fun!
Tokai Teio
So what was the secret flavor?
Let me try some.
Hot mustard.
Fight! Fight!
Ow…
They don't hold back, huh?
I wonder if Spe-chan will be okay.
Well, it's probably best if Spe goes out
and has fun with them for a change of pace.
If you get stuck worrying about things,
you won't be able to move forward.
Anyway, Suzuka, about your next race…
I'm having you participate
in the fall Tennoushou.
Okay.
But before that, I'm going to have
you participate in the Mainichi Oukan.
Okay.
I'd also like to do the Takarazuka Kinen.
Suzuka-san, can't you sound more interested?
No matter which race it
is, nothing changes the fact
that all I have to do
is run as fast as I can.
Well, I guess that's true.
Once the fall Tennoushou is over, you'll…
Mom, everyone's helping me,
and I'm going to start special
training for the Derby.
You want me to…
Yes, it's important to be hungry for a fight.
You get rid of what you like,
and tell yourself you're going
to get a treat if you win.
B-Being hungry…
Now, seal up those carrots!
It's best to just exercise diligently
if you're going on a diet.
Th-That makes sense.
But what's up with that wooden sword?
I'm going to give you some tough love!
Now, it's time to start your
hellish muscle training!
What?!
One hundred sit-ups!
O-Okay!
One hundred back extensions!
We're not done yet?!
One hundred push-ups!
Okay!
One hundred high knees!
Vodka-chan, forgive me!
Studio A
Those two don't get it.
You can't just be hard on
someone the whole time.
It has to be fun.
So, I'm going to teach you dancing.
Okay!
Spe-chan, make the same pose as me.
L-Like this?
No.
Like this. And this.
L-Like this?
Come on, like this!
You're going to be off balance
and won't have fun dancing if you can't!
We're practicing until you can do this!
You're being hard on me, too!
Spe, you can take off the blindfold!
Being a horse girl is about guts!
Jump off!
Does this have anything to
do with being on a diet?
If you're not going, I will.
Huh?
It's important to have guts when you need it.
Come on, Spe! You don't want
to lose to her, do you?!
Jump!
No. No, I can't do this!
Spe, that was hilarious!
I'm moved!
Special Week has moved up from the outside.
Will she make her move?!
Seiun Sky was able to pull
out of the pack here…
Seiun Sky has pulled right ahead!
Seiun Sky has taken the lead.
King Halo is trying to catch up.
Special Week is third!
She's trying her best to get up that hill!
Seiun Sky's still in the lead.
Hmm…? What's this?
Special Week's having trouble.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
El Condor Pasa's in good shape.
We're training. Get out.
Wouldn't expect anything less from the
school's strongest team, Team Rigil.
You're training hard.
Of course.
Hana, here's a present for you.
Challenge Letter
A challenge letter?
A mock race?
Yep.
With who?
Her.
You mean…
Taiki Shuttle?
That's what they mean
when they say "fast as lightning."
I think you know this, but she's the fastest
short-distance horse girl in Japan.
Yep.
That's why I want her to see what it's like.
Special Week.
Special Week?
You mean from the Satsukishou?
Please. There's no time.
Special Week
Hana-san…
Fine.
I guess I'm in.
Congratulations! Mock Race!
Special Week
VS
Taiki Shuttle
(The fastest short-distance horse girl)
Trainer-san, what's this about?
Be glad!
I set up a mock race for you.
A mock race…
You mean with Taiki Shuttle-san?!
She won twice in a row during
last year's G-Is, right?
The Mile Championship
and Sprinter's Stakes…
She's good.
She's the best opponent you could have.
Spe-chan, you can do it!
Suzuka-san?
What's wrong?
I'm against this.
Suzuka-san… what's the matter?
Spe-chan, you've put on weight.
Your couldn't fit into your costume, right?
And your weighed yourself…
Suzuka-san!
I'm worried about you.
If you push yourself, you could get hurt.
Also, if…
If you lose… If you start hating to run…
It's true that Taiki Shuttle is the
strongest short-distance runner.
You might not be able to win.
But the fastest way to get stronger
is to go straight up against
someone stronger than you.
Will I be able to get stronger?
I think you can learn many times more
during the real thing than during training.
Don't think about it, and just go run.
Right!
Suzuka-san, I'm going to try it.
All right.
Wow, this feels nice.
It must be nice to be able to run here!
Yakisoba
Special Spica Yakisoba here.
Anyone want some?
Oguri Cap
You can do it!
Suzuka-san…
Could you sleep last night?
Yeah. I'm a little nervous, though.
Watch your opponent closely
and steal everything she has.
It's short distance.
It'll be over if you blink.
Right!
Start
Special Week, it's almost time.
R-Right.
I have to be the finish line…
Why do I have to put up with this pain?
Finish
Taiki Shuttle's going to win, anyway.
Hishi Amazon
Th-Thank you for letting me practice
with you. I'll try my best!
Howdy, y'all!
Howdy?
You gotta do everything with full power.
Taiki Shuttle
Right!
Start
We will now start this mock race,
Taiki Shuttle vs. Special Week.
Air Groove
Start
Ready…
Start!
You can do it!
Sh-She's fast.
She's a G-I horse girl, all right.
Amazing.
It's taking all I have
just to keep up with her.
But…
But it's kind of easy to run.
Not a bad idea.
Is it okay for her to
stick so close behind her?
It's called the slipstream.
That's the place with the
least wind resistance.
She's in a good spot.
I'm not getting as tired as I usually do.
I might be able to win!
I want to catch up to her.
It's too early to give up.
This rhythm…
That's it!
What's it?!
Spe-senpai's losing, though!
Go! Crush her!
Special
Yakisoba
Spe-chan's running differently now.
You tighten your stride, run smaller.
Short-stride running.
The hill should be a bit easier to run now.
I wonder if Spe-senpai can win.
A fight is always 50-50.
Horse girls need guts!
Special
Yakisoba
Go!
That's not happening!
Spe-chan looks like she's having fun!
I've found my rival.
Suzuka-san, I think I can win.
Finish
Amazon!
Start
Come on. Taiki Shuttle's going to win…
F-Finish!
Finish
Start
Why are you slacking off?!
Oh no!
Wait!
I lost again.
But…
That was very exciting!
Hey, you really showed me a lot out there!
Thank you very much!
Oh! You're so cute!
Taiki Shuttle-san, I…
Special
Yakisoba
Spe-chan!
I kept my end of the bargain.
Taiki Shuttle's fast.
I told you.
Next time, set up a mock race
that'll benefit me, instead.
Thanks.
Spe-chan, you look happy.
I'm having fun every day.
I mean, I'm losing, too.
But it's fun spending time with everyone.
I see.
Suzuka-san, aren't you having fun?
Me?
I…
Hey, it's started.
El Condor Pasa!
She's taken the lead right away!
A complete lead!
She dominated the G-Is!
She's strong!
El-chan's amazing!
One minute and 33.7 seconds!
She really is!
Five races, five wins.
She's a G-I horse girl!
Great work.
That was some amazing running.
Thank you.
What will be your next race,
El Condor Pasa-san?
In order to get her on the global stage,
she'll be running in the Japan Derby.
El-chan's going to do the Derby, too?
I thought this would happen.
El Condor Pasa-san,
please give us a statement.
I'm going to win in the Derby, too!
Spe-chan, let's fight this one out!
Wait for me!
I'm going to win, though!
Guess it's not going to be an easy win.
I-I'm going to take first place!
Ow!
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!